Add issue templates. (#211)
GoogleCloudPlatform/cloud-sql-jdbc-socket-factory: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug-report.md

---
name: Bug Report
about: Report defective or unintentional behavior you've experienced.
title: "Brief summary of what bug or error was observed"
labels: 'type: bug'

---

<!--

Thanks for stopping by to let us know something could be better!

**PLEASE READ**: If you have a support contract with Google, please create an 
issue in the [support console](https://cloud.google.com/support/) instead of 
filing on GitHub. This will ensure a timely response.

Please run down the following list and make sure you've tried the usual "quick fixes":

>   - Search the issues already opened: https://github.com//issues
>   - Check for answers on StackOverflow: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/google-cloud-sql

Reviewer: Update links: 
```suggestion
  - Search the issues already opened: https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/cloud-sql-jdbc-socket-factory/issues
  - Check for answers on StackOverflow: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/google-cloud-sql
```

If you are still having issues, please include as much information as possible:

--> 

## Bug Description

Please enter a detailed description of the bug, and any information about what 
behavior you noticed and why it is defective or unintentional. 

## Example code (or command)

```java
// example
```

## Stacktrace
```
Any relevant stacktrace here. Be sure to filter sensitive information.
```

## How to reproduce

  1. ?
  2. ?

> ## Environment

Reviewer: Would the Java version be relevant here?
